=head1 NAME

fprintd - Fingerprint management daemon, and test applications

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<fprintd-enroll> [-f finger] [usename]

B<fprintd-list> username [usernames...]

B<fprintd-verify> [-f finger] [usename]

B<fprintd-delete> username [usernames...]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This manual page documents briefly the B<fprintd> command-line utilities.

The B<fprintd> daemon is accessed through B<D-Bus> by those command-line utilities.

=head1 ARGUMENTS

=over 8

=item B<username>

The username for the user for which you want to query or modify the fingerprint database.

Note that B<fprintd-list> and B<fprintd-delete> require at least one username to be passed, and support multiple usernames.

B<fprintd-enroll> and B<fprintd-verify> will use the current username if none are passed on the command-line.

=item B<-f finger>

For B<fprintd-enroll>, the finger to enroll. Possible values are:

left-thumb,
left-index-finger,
left-middle-finger,
left-ring-finger,
left-little-finger,
right-thumb,
right-index-finger,
right-middle-finger,
right-ring-finger,
right-little-finger.

The default is to choose automatically, selecting the first available finger for swipe devices, or all the enrolled fingers, for press devices.

=back

=head1 TEST APPLICATIONS

=over 8

=back

=head2 fprintd-enroll

=over 8

Will enroll the user's right index finger into the database.

=back

=head2 fprintd-list

=over 8

Will list the user's enrolled fingerprints.

=back

=head2 fprintd-verify

=over 8

Will verify the user's fingerprints against the database.

=back

=head2 fprintd-delete

=over 8

Will delete the user's right index finger into the database.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

B<fprintd> was written by Bastien Nocera and Daniel Drake.

=head1 DIRECTORIES

By default, fprintd stores the fingerprints in B</var/lib/fprint/>

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over 8

=item B<gnome-control-center>

=back
